Update wording (#310)
bazelbuild/bazel-blog: _posts/2023-02-24-cleanup-stale-issues.md

- The bot will review all issues/PRs that are older than 3 years and close them out 14 days after a notification. After the first pass is complete, we’ll move on to more recent issues (2 years, 1 year, etc.) before eventually settling at 6 months. This phased process minimizes notifications and avoids loss of important comments.
- Please note that all issues with priority P0 and P1 will be excluded from the stale workflow. Additionally, issues/PRs that are tagged as “untriaged”, ”awaiting-bazeler”, “awaiting-review”, “awaiting-PR-merge”, or “not stale” will be excluded from the stale workflow.

> **Our ask:** If you think any issue/PR that we flag as “**stale**” is still something that is affecting you or you are interested in, please let our triage team know by tagging @bazelbuild/triage in a comment. The triage team will review the issue with the appropriate team at Google and reopen or suggest next steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Our ask:** If you think any issue/PR that we flag as “**stale**” is still something relevant or you are interested in getting the issue resolved, please let our triage team know by tagging @bazelbuild/triage in a comment. The triage team will review the issue with the appropriate team at Google and reopen or suggest next steps.
```
